[narrator] Previously on Lost:
You gotta trust me.
I am trying to help you.
- Do I know you?
- I'm George Minkowski.
- Communications officer.
- Where is the radio room?
I'll take you there.
How do we get out of here?
Through the door.
Looks like you guys
have a friend on this boat.
You're pregnant?
Juliet. She was their fertility doctor
studying pregnant women.
The reason the Others wanted her baby
was for research.
- What happens to pregnant women?
- They die.
You want me to help you and your baby.
l have answers.
- But you have to come with me now.
- The baby isn't Jin's.
I'm gonna determine the date of
conception. If you got pregnant here...
We'll cross that bridge
when we come to it.
The baby was conceived eight weeks ago.
You got pregnant on the island.
So how long do l have?
Most of the women made it into
the middle of their second trimester.
Nobody made it to their third.
[man] Lapidus!
You ready?
I'll be up.
Don't be late, Frank.
- Regina.
- Frank.
- I didn't hear you.
- Sorry. Didn't mean to spook ya.
The captain wanted me to bring
these guys some grub.
OK.
You know, your book's upside down.
Just trying to help.
Thought I'd check in on you guys,
bring you some food.
- How you feeling, by the way?
- Much better, thanks.
Why are we held captive? We had nothing
to do with Minkowski's death.
Nothing to do with Minkowski. Captain
wasn't happy you busted out of sick bay
- and into our radio room.
- We didn't bust out.
The door was left open.
- And we assumed it was you.
- Why the hell would I do that?
Any contact
with our people on the beach?
No luck. Something
must've happened to their phone.
Lima beans?
Sorry, we had a problem
in the kitchen.
Just stay put, all right?
I still want to talk to the captain.
No, you don't.
- Regina.
- [door unlatches, opens]
[speaks Korean]
Let's talk about baby names.
Good. You're getting better.
But no, Jin.
Deal.
[action music on TV]
[talking in Korean on TV]
[dialing]
[woman speaking Korean]
[groaning]
[groans]
[cell phone rings]
What happened?
You mean before or after
the redhead knocked me out?
She hit you?
When I ran into them
on my way back from Locke's camp.
Why would she do that?
Guess she didn't want to explain why she
was on her way to a poison gas factory.
Juliet told Jack it was a power station.
Why would Juliet lie about that?
Force of habit.
- Why were they going there?
- To turn it off.
Deactivate the gas. They wanted
to earn some brownie points.
Do you think they're
really going to rescue us?
In the time they've been here,
they've talked about a lot.
And none involved rescuing us.
Good morning.
I hope they resolve
their kitchen issues.
Sayid.
What's that?
It's a note.
Three days ago,
when l was in Locke's camp,
Ben claimed he had a spy on this boat.
Hello. My name is Sun.
Hi, Sun. Hi. I'm Daniel.
Something I can help you with?
l'm two months pregnant.
Oh, you're... Wow. That's...
- Congratulations.
- So you're here to rescue us?
It's a simple question.
Are you or are you not
going to rescue us?
The thing is, um...
...it's not really my call, Sun.
Then whose call is it?
Thank you.
Can you pass the cereal?
- Pretty good English, Jin.
- Thank you.
I understand better than I speak.
Sun been teaching you
or you just picking it up?
Oh, Sun teach me. Sawyer, too.
- Sun is better.
- I bet.
Hey, Sun. How you feeling?
I'm good, thank you.
The morning sickness has stopped,
which has been nice.
That's good.
Well, if you need anything,
just let me know. OK?
Would you like some breakfast?
What are you doing?
I needed another bottle
of those vitamins you gave me.
- The prenatals.
- You could have just asked.
You're right. I should have.
What happened to the
last ones I gave you?
- Sorry?
- The last bottle I gave you.
There should be 20 left.
Are you planning a trip?
Please, just give me the vitamins.
Where are you going, Sun?
- We're going to Locke's camp.
- What?
- Why?
- Because I don't trust these people.
Whether you trust them or not,
you can't go.
Locke doesn't want to leave the island.
I've told you, pregnant women,
they don't survive here.
Yes, you did tell me that.
You don't believe me?
Look, I know I've
been less than truthful
about certain things since coming here,
but I promise you, Sun, I promise you,
I'm not lying about this.
After everything you've confided in me,
I should at least have your trust.
Claire's baby is fine. I feel fine.
All l have are your stories
that I'm going to get sick.
I'm going to do what's best for me
and for my baby.
Because no, I don't trust you.
[gasping]
[gasps]
Taxi!
[honks horn]
[shouts]
[dragon roar sound]
Once you hit this stream,
you wanna head northwest.
Pretty much in a straight line
for about a day and a half.
- Thank you.
- I'm gonna have to tell Jack.
I'll give you a long head start.
I'd tell him,
but he wouldn't understand.
No, he wouldn't.
You better get going.
- Be safe, OK?
- Thank you.
She's not going anywhere.
- Sun, this is a bad idea.
- What concern is it of yours?
Do you understand your
wife's medical condition right now?
- Translate for me.
- No.
Your wife is very sick.
If she doesn't get off this island
in three weeks, she will die.
[speaks Korean]
If you let her go,
your wife is in danger, Jin. Danger.
Where Sun go, | go.
Sun. Please.
Jin.
Your wife had an affair.
- What?
- Sun was with another man.
She thought the baby was his.
[speaks Korean]
Hey! You going fishing?
Mind if I tag along?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
No. Come.
You sure?
Yes. Come.
We're the only two married guys
on the island.
Married.
- Married.
- Yeah, well, not to each other, no.
You got it.
It's not easy, is it?
I mean, it's wonderful,
but let's face it.
Every decision that you make
takes twice as long.
You always gotta talk them into it.
Rose... has cancer.
She's sick. Dying.
Well, she was dying.
She says she's better now.
She says it's this place. The island.
But when the camp split up,
l was sure she'd want to go with Locke.
Why would she want to leave the island
and risk getting sick again?
Then why do you stay with Jack?
Because it was the right thing to do.
Locke, he's a murderer.
It's all about karma, Jin.
You know karma?
You make bad choices,
bad things happen.
But you make good choices, good...
Hey, hey! You got one!
Here. Pull it in!
Wow! Look at that!
You see? Now, that's karma.
We must be the good guys.
[distant clanging]
How long is that gonna go on for?
Can't they fix whatever is causing it?
That sound is not mechanical.
You think somebody's doing that?
- Somebody's banging on those pipes?
- Exactly what I think.
[door unlatches]
Gentlemen, thanks for your patience.
The captain would like to see you now.
- Where's the helicopter?
- Lapidus is running an errand.
- What kind of errand?
- I'm the doctor.
- I don't know where he's going.
- To the island?
[doctor] Know anywhere else
he could land?
[Sayid] What's he going to do?
[doctor] I said I'm just the doctor.
- [Sayid] What did he say?
- He didn't say anything.
[Sayid] What is he doing?
Hey! Hey!
That woman just jumped over the side!
Don't just stand there!
What's the matter with you people?
- What's wrong with you?
- Why aren't you doing anything?
- Bring a rope!
- Get the rope!
- Get a rope!
- Stop!
- She just jumped!
- It's over. She's gone.
Everybody get back to your posts.
That was an order.
l'm Captain Gault.
I suppose you two have a few questions.
- So, what can I do for you?
- What?
- You wanted to speak with me.
- Start with why a woman
jumped over the side
and you did nothing.
ldidn'tjump in
or order my crew to jump in
because I didn't want
to lose any more people.
What exactly is going on here?
Some of my crew
have been dealing with...
...what might best be described
as a heightened case of cabin fever.
It's got to do with
the close proximity of the island.
- Why don't you turn around then?
- I've tried.
But we have a saboteur on board. He's
done one hell of a job on my engines.
I've got my crew working to repair them.
- And then you'll take our people home?
- Then we move to safer waters.
- My orders.
- I don't suppose you will tell us
- who gave you those orders?
- Sure, lwill. Charles Widmore.
This is Charles Widmore's boat?
That's right. You know him.
Do either of you know what this is?
It's a flight data recorder.
Othenivise known as a black box.
That's exactly what it is.
Now, here's the funny thing.
This black box comes
from Oceanic flight 815.
A salvage vessel recovered it
from the bottom of the ocean.
It took a considerable amount of
Mr. Widmore's resources to procure it.
It was found
with the wreckage of the plane,
along with all 324 dead passengers.
Not the complete story,
as you are aware, Mr. Jarrah,
given the fact
that you are standing here. Breathing.
The wreckage was obviously staged.
Now, can you imagine
what kind of resources and manpower
go into pulling off a feat
of that magnitude?
Faking the recovery of a plane crash?
Putting 324 families through
a grieving process based on a lie?
But what's even more disturbing...
Where exactly does one
come across 324 dead bodies?
And that, Mr. Jarrah, Mr. Hume,
is just one of the many reasons
we want Benjamin Linus.
[Juliet] I'm sorry.
I had to stop you any way I could.
It wasn't your place to stop us.
I know you don't trust me, but you need
to get off this island. We all do.
- You want to leave?
- More than anything.
I don't know if that boat out there
is the answer, but it's something.
I need to go home, and so do you.
Sun...
In about three weeks, you'll be
in an almost constant state of nausea.
A week after, you'll experience
shortness of breath that won't go away.
A week after that, you'll lose
consciousness and slip into a coma.
And then, Sun, you will die.
And when your heart stops beating,
so will the baby's.
And that, Sun, is why it's my business.
Because you're my patient.
If you go...
...you will die.
And your baby will never be born.
[man shouting]
[baby crying]
So, what did you think of the captain?
- He was surprisingly forthcoming.
- Yeah, he tells it like it is.
Just don't piss him off,
know what I mean?
I think you'll like your room.
It's on the quiet part of the ship.
- The ship isn't moving.
- If you say so.
That shouldn't still be there. Damn it.
Hey, Johnson! Is that you?
-Johnson!
- Yeah?
Mop this up.
- Sorry. I gotta go up on deck.
- No. You're gonna mop this up.
- Kevin? This is...
- Sayid.
- Desmond.
- Kevin Johnson.
Nice to meet you, Kevin.
I made dinner.
Is the baby... mine?
[no audio]
[doorbell rings]
[chuckles]
I can't believe you came all this way.
Are you kidding?
Is anyone else coming?
- No.
- Good.
So where is she?
[cooing]
- She's awesome.
- Thank you.
Would you like to hold her?
I don't know.
I kind of have two left hands.
I trust you.
Wow.
She looks just like Jin.
Yes. She does.
So I guess we should,
like, go see him.
Of course.